Add postcond to constructor parameters (#273)
eisop/checker-framework: docs/CHANGELOG.md

**User-visible changes:**

> Post-conditions can be used on the parameters of the constructor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Postconditions on the parameters of a constructor are now used at new object creations.
```
